DOCS-9367: event correlation support in govcloud (#26707)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/events/correlation/configuration.md

  text: "Analytics on cases"
---

{{% site-region region="gov" %}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">

> Event Correlation is not available in the {{< region-param key=dd_datacenter code="true" >}} site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event Correlation is not supported for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}).
```

Yours isn't wrong but I happen to like this format a bit better. :)
